l,ml, m (#4)
WTCSC/life-decision-simulator-ReeceL3: README.md

# Choose Your Own Adventure — Python (Simple CLI)

A tiny, playful **choose-your-own-adventure** command-line game written in plain Python.
You wake up, make choices, and discover different (sometimes messy) consequences — detention, grounded, or worse. Great for beginners * learning input, branching (if/elif/else) and small program flow.

## How to install

> 1. [Copy and paste the code and run it if you haven't found the code already](https://github.com/WTCSC/life-decision-simulator-ReeceL3/blob/main/decision_tree.py)

Reviewer: This is the wrong link, the correct one is this:
```suggestion
1. [Copy and paste the code and run it if you haven't found the code already](https://github.com/WTCSC/life-decision-simulator-ReeceL3.git)
```

# Features

* Plain Python (no external libraries required).

* Very small single-file game loop using input() and time.sleep() for pacing.

* Multiple branching endings depending on your choices.

* **Simple** and easy to extend.

> ![](Image_folder/image-5.png)

Reviewer: Fire image!
